hello and welcome skin Finity I'm dr.
Jerry Sherrod your skin expert by the
day it's the festive season and all of
us are gearing up to look bright and
beautiful let me give you five tips
today on how to keep your skin glowing
deceiver
we're cleaning up our houses put running
around shopping and what happens there's
a lot of dirt grime dust which collects
on your skin cleansing is extremely
important do not forget to carry a
common water mist along with you
whenever you're out shopping so what you
can do is in whenever you feel a little
dull and dehydrated just take a little
mist and sprays on your skin okay that
the first thing it keeps you fresh it
keeps you hydrated what you can also do
is keep some wet wipes to film and keep
wiping the sweat off for that it does
not accumulate and clog your pores
you must cleanse once in the morning and
once at night before you go to bed it's
extremely important another important
thing is moisturizing you know the
season is such that there's suddenly a
drop in the atmospheric humidity is also
chiness and this will shrivel up your
skin and make it absolutely dehydrated
so moisturize moisturize and moisturize
thirdly what you can do is if you make
home lay back take a little bit of milk
and add honey to it or you can even take
milk cream and honey and apply it on
your face leave it on for about ten
minutes and rinse and your skin looks
fresh and young if you have oily skin
you should not use milk cream in that
case you can use a slimmed milk yogurt
study help and if you cleanse your skin
and keep it nice and fresh okay milk has
lactic acid in it it's a moisturizer and
it's a skin lightener and so does yogurt
so this is a very very good remedy that
you can do you can also use an oatmeal
scrub just take oats and you know grind
them and make a paste out of it put a
pinch of turmeric which is an
antibacterial and put a spoon of honey
which is soothing and moisturizing make
a paste and scrub your face gently scrub
your hands once you rinse it off do not
forget to moisturize
that's your third tip remember this is
the season when you have sweets
everywhere you know whether you're
making sweets at home you visit people
and they serve you sweets you like to
gorge on all the goodies the fry
food it shows on your skin so what you
can do is first limit the amount of
sweets try to gorge on salads try to
have more fruits you know intermittently
so balance your fruit intake salads and
the sweet and the fried goodies that's
extremely important drink a lot of water
so maybe you know whatever is your
weight you multiply it by 30ml and
that's the minimum amount of water that
you need to drink Sinese remember it's a
festival of life there's smoke fireworks
a suit then there are chemicals which
are there in these fireworks they can
all sit on your skin and harm your
screen you can get irritant reactions
you can get a rash which could be very
itchy sometimes there could be burned so
you need to apply a thick moisturizer on
your skin before you go out to play this
best in your life and you also have to
keep some calamine with you if there's
any burn you apply that immediately you
can keep a cream called few svet
remember that comes very handy you know
children sometimes go very close and it
could be an accidental bond immediately
apply eyes apply through severe cream
and that takes care of the burns stay
very safe and play safe have a very very
happy - body
you